# Clothing
Samyakk is a nice boutique for all your Indian ethnic clothing. 
Samyakk is a niche boutique for all your Indian ethnic clothing. We offer you a complete range of apparel ranging from traditional designs to even modern contemporary. Our exquisite range for you is designed and inspired by our strong sense of Indian culture and values.Samyakk offers a range of Fabulous Sarees, Lehengas and Salwar Suits for the quintessential women.Samyakk also offers a range of Elegant Sherwani’s, Suits and Indo-Western Wear for men as well that spans from traditional to neo cultural designs.Our store is located in the heart of Bangalore city. We have a beautiful five floor showroom with each floor featuring our exquisite and designer collection of apparels and accessories.We also offer bespoke services to our clients. Our fashion counsellors recommend finest design and apparel options for any occasion.Samyakk apparels are a culmination of cultural values, excellence in design and unmatched texture and quality. At Samyakk our collection is vast and can be worn as a fashion statement for any occasion;be it smart daily wear to the heads turning party wear look.Samyakk apparels are handcrafted to perfection and therefore no reduction of any sort is given on any apparel. Our prices are exclusive and uniform for everyone throughout the world. Samyakk has truly carved a mark for itself in the fashion world and is expanding to be one of India's most appreciated brands; come and experience the Samyakk experience - where Fashion is an Extravaganza.https://www.samyakk.com/
